Welcome back.
There's one last thing I want to show you one little trick and that is wouldn't it be nice if we had
some sort of seed data within these tables so that we we run docker compose a bill that there is already
some users that we can start testing with.
And that is a very common case when working on a project.
So let's do that in this video.
All we need to do is create another command and this time after we've created the log in and the users
table we're going to create a command and this command is going to run another obscure statement.
That's called seed and that's going to be in the seed folder.
Once again we create another folder called seed and we hear the new file again coaling get seed.
Eskew well and this seed that SU all is going to do a simple skew all steam.
It's going to insert
into the users table the name email and trees.
And let's just say Joynt as well.
And it's going to enter the values.
Let's go with Tim as the name email is going to be.
Or let's change this up let's go with Jesse e-mails going to be Jesse at gmail dot com
and trees is just going to be let's say five entries and the date joined is just going to be 2018.
Let's go with January 1st
and again just to make sure let's just do a began transaction and a commit at the end.
We're also wanted to insert into the log and table because they need to log in as well and this log
in table is going to accept Passhe
and an email
and the values
are going to be this little hash that actually already checked.
So this hash with the crypt is just password A.
So as long as you put the letter you'll be able to log in and his Jessy's email is going to be Jessee
at gmail dot com
perfect.
And the very last thing we need to do and obviously you can imagine if we want to add more users more
information more data we can always just keep adding onto this seat file.
But for now just to test make sure that this is all right.
The last thing we need to do is in the docker file we want to add a nother folder called seed and add
whatever files are in the seed folder.
Once again let's close this up.
Bring everything down and rebuild everything
we scroll up.
OK we see like oh yeah we have two answers that happened that's a good sign.
And if we go back now to our app and sign out let's see if we can sign in with Jessy's information.
So is Jesse at gmail dot com and the e-mail was just the letter A look of that we're able to log in
to Jesse's account.
That is a test account.
The entries count is already 5 and everything is working.
We're able to connect and we're also able to seed our database our test database already.
And I wanted to show you this just to show you what you can do with Dr. Phil. You can keep adding things
you can do different commands but it should make sense now how everything is working.
In the next video we're going to review everything and make sure that we understand how each of these
pieces connected.
I know that there was a lot of information that I threw where you and this is a section that you might
have to visit a couple of times but keep in mind that we want to connect these dots here and in the
next video I'm going to try and help you finalize and solidify that knowledge.
I'll see that one by.